com/iflytek/voicedemo/IdentifyGroup/ResultIdentifyActivity.java
 com.iflytek.voicedemo.IdentifyGroup.ResultIdentifyActivity
 com.iflytek.voicedemo.IdentifyGroup.ResultIdentifyActivity$MyAdapter
com/iflytek/voicedemo/IdentifyGroup/FaceIdentifyActivity.java
 com.iflytek.voicedemo.IdentifyGroup.FaceIdentifyActivity
 com.iflytek.voicedemo.IdentifyGroup.FaceIdentifyActivity$1
 com.iflytek.voicedemo.IdentifyGroup.FaceIdentifyActivity$2
 com.iflytek.voicedemo.IdentifyGroup.FaceIdentifyActivity$3
 com.iflytek.voicedemo.IdentifyGroup.FaceIdentifyActivity$4
com/iflytek/speech/setting/IseSettings.java
 com.iflytek.speech.setting.IseSettings
 com.iflytek.speech.setting.IseSettings$1
 com.iflytek.speech.setting.IseSettings$2
 com.iflytek.speech.setting.IseSettings$3
 com.iflytek.speech.setting.IseSettings$4
 com.iflytek.speech.setting.IseSettings$5
 com.iflytek.speech.setting.IseSettings$6
com/iflytek/voicedemo/AsrDemo.java
 com.iflytek.voicedemo.AsrDemo
 com.iflytek.voicedemo.AsrDemo$1
 com.iflytek.voicedemo.AsrDemo$2
 com.iflytek.voicedemo.AsrDemo$3
 com.iflytek.voicedemo.AsrDemo$4
com/iflytek/ise/result/util/ResultFormatUtil.java
 com.iflytek.ise.result.util.ResultFormatUtil
com/iflytek/speech/setting/TtsSettings.java
 com.iflytek.speech.setting.TtsSettings
com/iflytek/voicedemo/IatDemo.java
 com.iflytek.voicedemo.IatDemo
 com.iflytek.voicedemo.IatDemo$1
 com.iflytek.voicedemo.IatDemo$2
 com.iflytek.voicedemo.IatDemo$3
 com.iflytek.voicedemo.IatDemo$4
 com.iflytek.voicedemo.IatDemo$5
com/iflytek/speech/util/JsonParser.java
 com.iflytek.speech.util.JsonParser
com/iflytek/ise/result/FinalResult.java
 com.iflytek.ise.result.FinalResult
com/iflytek/voicedemo/IseDemo.java
 com.iflytek.voicedemo.IseDemo
 com.iflytek.voicedemo.IseDemo$1
com/iflytek/speech/util/FaceRect.java
 com.iflytek.speech.util.FaceRect
com/iflytek/ise/result/util/ResultTranslateUtil.java
 com.iflytek.ise.result.util.ResultTranslateUtil
com/iflytek/ise/result/ReadSentenceResult.java
 com.iflytek.ise.result.ReadSentenceResult
com/iflytek/ise/result/entity/Syll.java
 com.iflytek.ise.result.entity.Syll
com/iflytek/voicedemo/SpeechApp.java
 com.iflytek.voicedemo.SpeechApp
com/iflytek/ise/result/xml/XmlResultParser.java
 com.iflytek.ise.result.xml.XmlResultParser
com/iflytek/ise/result/entity/Phone.java
 com.iflytek.ise.result.entity.Phone
com/iflytek/speech/util/XmlParser.java
 com.iflytek.speech.util.XmlParser
com/iflytek/ise/result/ReadWordResult.java
 com.iflytek.ise.result.ReadWordResult
com/iflytek/speech/util/FucUtil.java
 com.iflytek.speech.util.FucUtil
com/iflytek/ise/result/Result.java
 com.iflytek.ise.result.Result
com/iflytek/voicedemo/faceonline/OnlineFaceDemo.java
 com.iflytek.voicedemo.faceonline.OnlineFaceDemo
 com.iflytek.voicedemo.faceonline.OnlineFaceDemo$1
 com.iflytek.voicedemo.faceonline.OnlineFaceDemo$2
 com.iflytek.voicedemo.faceonline.OnlineFaceDemo$3
 com.iflytek.voicedemo.faceonline.OnlineFaceDemo$4
 com.iflytek.voicedemo.faceonline.OnlineFaceDemo$5
 com.iflytek.voicedemo.faceonline.OnlineFaceDemo$6
com/iflytek/voicedemo/IdentifyGroup/GroupManagerActivity.java
 com.iflytek.voicedemo.IdentifyGroup.GroupManagerActivity
 com.iflytek.voicedemo.IdentifyGroup.GroupManagerActivity$1
 com.iflytek.voicedemo.IdentifyGroup.GroupManagerActivity$2
 com.iflytek.voicedemo.IdentifyGroup.GroupManagerActivity$3
 com.iflytek.voicedemo.IdentifyGroup.GroupManagerActivity$4
 com.iflytek.voicedemo.IdentifyGroup.GroupManagerActivity$5
 com.iflytek.voicedemo.IdentifyGroup.GroupManagerActivity$MyAdapter
com/iflytek/voicedemo/MainActivity.java
 com.iflytek.voicedemo.MainActivity
com/iflytek/ise/result/ReadSyllableResult.java
 com.iflytek.ise.result.ReadSyllableResult
com/iflytek/speech/util/SettingTextWatcher.java
 com.iflytek.speech.util.SettingTextWatcher
com/iflytek/ise/result/entity/Word.java
 com.iflytek.ise.result.entity.Word
com/iflytek/speech/util/FaceUtil.java
 com.iflytek.speech.util.FaceUtil
 com.iflytek.speech.util.FaceUtil$1CpuFilter
com/iflytek/speech/setting/IatSettings.java
 com.iflytek.speech.setting.IatSettings
com/iflytek/ise/result/entity/Sentence.java
 com.iflytek.ise.result.entity.Sentence
com/iflytek/voicedemo/TtsDemo.java
 com.iflytek.voicedemo.TtsDemo
 com.iflytek.voicedemo.TtsDemo$1
 com.iflytek.voicedemo.TtsDemo$2
 com.iflytek.voicedemo.TtsDemo$3
 com.iflytek.voicedemo.TtsDemo$4
com/iflytek/speech/setting/UrlSettings.java
 com.iflytek.speech.setting.UrlSettings
 com.iflytek.speech.setting.UrlSettings$1
com/iflytek/voicedemo/BuildConfig.java
 com.iflytek.voicedemo.BuildConfig
